README.md, before:

# Project Name: KHYPE
The KHYPE project is an extensible educational module that uses assistive technology to enable students to learn empirical planent data while exploring the Milky Way planetarium in a virutal reality. The funding module uses a donation NFT for Educational Enrichment and potential deductability for contributions. The current educational module can be found at the decentralized website [here](https://turpinhill.eth.link). We have two persons (US Citizens) that are credited with the creation of the project ideation and implementation and will be noted in the ChainLink hackathon. The two person include the solution developer and the video animation developer.

# ChainLink Hackathon Spring 2021
We have entered this project in the Spring 2021 ChainLink hackathon in a manner consistent with there guidelines and recommendations. Our category is a use case of a dedicated [IPFS Node Operation](https://ipfs.io). Our deployment consist of a single module and multi-page website bootstrapped from IPFS and remixed. We pinned the final module to our node to mitigate the risk of interruption. Our planned future development is to enhance the module deliverables with further instruction with a separate page the virtual world gateway instead of embedding. Additionally, we will incorporate our [LMS](https://edu.cybercorps.io) and then add educatonal module as a scope and sequence to the educational curriculum--as approved by the Curriculum Committee. Ideally, prior to the Spring 2022 semester.

# Source Code
The source code is for the decentralized website is included in the khype folder.

## Videos
These source file for these videos are located in the images folder. The videos are a draft on how we plan to incorporate our IPFS node in the educational curriculum using assistive technology and distance learning click here for [Video 1](https://youtu.be/HxoveJJh48M) and [Video 2](https://youtu.be/wvULmnIJA0k). The still images are exclusively provided by the courtesy of Cheryl Howard Photography and should not be duplicated withouth permission. Thank you Cheryl Howard Photography for assisting our project in the 13th hour.

### Crypto Contributions
You can donate crypto on the [Project Page](https://turpinhill.eth.link) and click on the Donate Crypto button. If you are interested in supporting our development team and digging a little deeper with our exploration, then you can reach our public GitHub [here](https://github.com/turpinhill/turpinhill/tree/main) and drop us a line.

### Tax Disclosure
To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS under Circular 230, we inform you that an U.S. federal tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any matters addressed herein.

Commit message:

Update README.md - Added link to video demo

README.md, after:

# Project Name: KHYPE
The KHYPE project is an extensible educational module that uses assistive technology to enable students to learn empirical planent data while exploring the Milky Way planetarium in a virutal reality. The funding module uses a donation NFT for Educational Enrichment and potential deductability for contributions. The current educational module can be found at the decentralized website [here](https://turpinhill.eth.link). We have two persons (US Citizens) that are credited with the creation of the project ideation and implementation and will be noted in the ChainLink hackathon. The two person include the solution developer and the video animation developer.

# ChainLink Hackathon Spring 2021
We have entered this project in the Spring 2021 ChainLink hackathon in a manner consistent with there guidelines and recommendations. Our category is a use case of a dedicated [IPFS Node Operation](https://ipfs.io). Our deployment consist of a single module and multi-page website bootstrapped from IPFS and remixed. We pinned the final module to our node to mitigate the risk of interruption. Our planned future development is to enhance the module deliverables with further instruction with a separate page the virtual world gateway instead of embedding. Additionally, we will incorporate our [LMS](https://edu.cybercorps.io) and then add educatonal module as a scope and sequence to the educational curriculum--as approved by the Curriculum Committee. Ideally, prior to the Spring 2022 semester.

# Source Code
The source code is for the decentralized website is included in the khype folder.

## Videos
These source file for these videos are located in the images folder. The videos are a draft on how we plan to incorporate our IPFS node in the educational curriculum using assistive technology and distance learning click here for [Video 1](https://youtu.be/HxoveJJh48M) and [Video 2](https://youtu.be/wvULmnIJA0k). The still images are exclusively provided by the courtesy of Cheryl Howard Photography and should not be duplicated withouth permission. Thank you Cheryl Howard Photography for assisting our project in the 13th hour.

## Video Presentation
The video demo presentation can be found [here](https://app.vyond.com/videos/b9431b0b-62bf-4a12-84e5-bab9d9bd34a0).

### Crypto Contributions
You can donate crypto on the [Project Page](https://turpinhill.eth.link) and click on the Donate Crypto button. If you are interested in supporting our development team and digging a little deeper with our exploration, then you can reach our public GitHub [here](https://github.com/turpinhill/turpinhill/tree/main) and drop us a line.

### Tax Disclosure
To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS under Circular 230, we inform you that an U.S. federal tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any matters addressed herein.
